README.MD, before:

# Data Analytics Project

This project is an implementation of a client application which connects to a backend server to collect data from a backend server, using its REST API. The backend is composed by a Flask web server and a database module which connects to a MongoDB remote database. All the applications are written in Python.

## Motivation

This architecture is used by a lot of companies over the world, and it is really important to a developer to understand how it works and how to implement it in your case. This model is flexible and it can be implemented using different programming languages and frameworks.

## Objective

The objective of this project is to give a practical overview about a real-world application using this system architecture. It is expected to help people that do not know how it works or do not have practical knowledge to implement it from scratch.

## Target Group

Any developer can be interested in this project, even those that do not use Python, because it can be easily implemented using a different stack, once the one understand how it works.

## System Architecture

The chosen technologies are currently used in different companies for many purposes and it can be really rewarding to a developer to get used with them, specially if it is needed to implement a communication between two applications.

Commit message:

Inserted more information about the project

README.MD, after:

# Aquarela - A data analytics project with REST API implementation

This project is an implementation of a client application which connects to a backend server to collect data from a backend server, using its REST API. The backend is composed by a Flask web server and a database module which connects to a MongoDB remote database. All the applications are written in Python.

## Motivation

This architecture is used by a lot of companies over the world, and it is really important to a developer to understand how it works and how to implement it in your case. This model is flexible and it can be implemented using different programming languages and frameworks.

## Objective

The objective of this project is to give a practical overview about a real-world application using this system architecture. It is expected to help people that do not know how it works or do not have practical knowledge to implement it from scratch.

## Target Group

Any developer or data scientist may be interested in this project, even those that do not use Python, because it can be easily implemented using a different stack, once the one understand how it works.

## Scenario

In order to archive a more realistic approach, a fictional scenario was created, based on a sample database available in a cloud MongoDB platform, called Atlas. A fictional company owner contacted a Advanced Analytics company to make a analysis about its sales history, stored in the cloud MongoDB database. The data is maintained by a backend server that communicates with other applications using a REST API. The goal is to make all the infrastructure to make this work and create a simple application that communicates with this backend to query the database and make a analysis about the information gathered.

## System Architecture

The chosen technologies are currently used in different companies for many purposes and it can be really rewarding to a developer to get used with them, specially if it is needed to implement a communication between two applications. The following image illustrates the modules utilized in each node of the system.

![System Architecture](/images/system_arch.svg)
